Fix grammar issues (#302)
configu/configu: examples/hello-world/README.md

  ```bash
  configu init --get-started
  ```

> - Set up a `ConfigStore` at the [.configu](.configu) file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setup a `ConfigStore` at the [.configu](.configu) file
```
